Hey y'all, so in this section,
we'll be showing you how to set up Git.
So let's first dive in and
show you how to install Git.
>> So if you're on a Linux computer,
most likely you're gonna be able to use
the Package Manager that comes with it.
So if you're using the Linaro version on
a DragonBoard 410c, you can ahead and
use the command apt-get install git.
If you're using Fedora,
you could use yum install.
Or of you're using Gentoo or
some other flavor of Linux,
you can always use whatever
Package Manager they have there.
Now with Mac,
you're able to do it via two ways.
One, you can install
the Xcode Command Line Tool or
alternatively, you can download Git
separately on the provided link.
And also with Windows, it's essentially
the same link for Mac as well.
And if you want more information
on how to set it up,
or rather how to download it and
the steps for installation,
the More Info link will give you a better
detail as to what steps you need to take.
>> All right, so
you have Git installed on your computer.
It would be really awesome if
you could somehow kinda link it
to some sort of server online.
So you can let everybody
have access to it,
as well as giving you your
own sense of security.
Cuz if you just have code on your
computer and your computer goes boom,
you lose all your code.
So it'd be nice if you could somewhere,
somehow put this code online.
>> So what we recommend, these are on
the screen that you'll see are two of
the more popular Git servers.
So the first is called Github, and
usually Github is more
geared towards larger teams.
And the only drawback if you
kind of perceive it that way,
is that all your code and
all your repositories will be public.
>> If you want you can have private
repositories, but it does cost money.
I think it's $10 for every five
repositories or something like that.
If you happen to have a .edu account, you
can actually get five free repositories
for the duration of your college term.
But otherwise, Github is again,
like Jacob said, very, very, very public.
>> There's also Bitbucket, and
usually Bitbucket is for smaller teams.
And the benefit of having Bitbucket is
that all the repositories that you create
will be private.
And similar to the github.edu or
the educational discounts,
Bitbucket also has a few
educational discounts for students.
So whichever one your prefer,
just go ahead and check them out.
>> For me personally, I like to have
Bitbucket there for any personal projects.
I know I like having 10,
20 different projects at the same time.
Obviously not working on it, but
just being able to kind of go through and
see it.
So Bitbucket is very, very attractive for
people that like having a lot of projects.
Whereas, I feel like if you
wanna somehow post your code,
make it much more public, be more social,
I think Github is the way to go.
>> Yeah, definitely agree with that.
>> All of our code will be
located on a Github repository,
which will be provided to you in a link.
So you can go ahead and grab all the code,
or look through it, on Github from there.
>> And we'll see you in the next section.